[Music]
waking up at 5 a.m. has completely
changed my life taking it back to last
year when I really noticed I was pushing
my alarm back and back sneezing it my
day we've been getting started to later
and later and it just got ridiculous to
the point miles just like having no
productive days at all I'm feeling
really rubbish in my hat in myself like
mentally in every way it took a toll on
my nutrition as well and I just didn't
have a good sleep pattern whenever I
feel like I'm really lacking motivation
I always tend to start listening to like
podcasts or YouTube in and like get
motivated again and trying to like work
out what has gone wrong or like why I'm
feeling a certain way and so I was
listening to a Tim Ferriss podcast and I
noticed he had a speaker cottonmouths
name but they were talking about like
waking up at 5:00 a.m. and how that
life-changing that is and then I started
like researching it and noticing like
the majority of millionaires
billionaires like most success of people
or tend to get up at 5:00 a.m. and one
first I came across that whole idea I
was literally just like that on the
absolute cusp of insane that he would
want to get up at that time the only
tongues that have got around that hour
hour to go on a holiday or like to catch
a flight you know that kind of thing
whilst I was at uni I think that's
probably person just went out the window
because I was having much sort of later
nice and like socializing you're on
evening coz that's where my friends were
around and were going out and lots over
the space of about three four years
that's really where I have zero morning
routine and I was just getting up late
when I found myself like pushing my
alarm back all the time I felt really
sort of negative and I had a lot of like
negative energy and orange I just had
low mood on a whole so it got a point
where enough was enough I knew I needed
to make a drastic change and just
experiment as well like when I initially
set my first alarm for five years I
remember thinking birdie how that it's
crazy what am i doing will I actually
get up so my first week waking up at
5:00 a.m. my goodness me it was like I
felt like I've been risen from the day
it was painful and I'm not even I'm just
been brutalized it was painful but the
first week was the worst and then after
that it got easier and I found myself
going to bed earlier like that's
something to mention obviously waking up
apotheon definitely recommend get into
bed oh you go to bed about quarter past
half 10 which is so much earlier than I
used to but otherwise it just I'd be
tired all day long and this is something
I've had quite a lot of questions on my
actual morning routine video like what's
hungry you go to bed do you not get
tired throughout the day and stronger
than in bed before half 10:00 I feel
amazing the next day and full of energy
and but yes so the first week was tough
I did feel quite tired and then the
following weeks just got easier and I've
never felt so energized and productive
like oh my goodness like I don't know
why I haven't done it early to be honest
because my productivity levels are so
much higher it suits me so much I don't
get up at 5:00 in absolutely every
single day generally on weekends I'll
have a bit of a line but obviously I
think your body clock gets used to
getting up early so I do find that I
still wake up like 6 or 7 so that's
something to point out as you've seen
from a video my routine I always go to
the gym first
I really recommend doing something
physical first just so that you know
temptation to go back to bed or just to
like sit and fall asleep like I did
actually start by waking up at 5 a.m.
and getting my coffee and then trying to
read a book and I was literally falling
asleep into the book so that is
something I've learned I always go to
the gym that first off like get out the
house make sure your gym is open early
like as early as that or just go for a
walk take the dog out and in the UK it's
still really dark at far beyond but I'm
really excited for summer mornings when
it will be lighter and yet you cannot
get out more because that's the other
tough thing of waking up live in its
pitch black it does feel like the middle
of the night and you know it's got that
scent in the air that just makes you
think I should be asleep right now so
yeah make sure you've got somewhere to
go or you like planned what you are
doing straight away get ready for the
gym go straight there get my workout it
really sets a tone for a good productive
day probably not only if I put
activity like with my work but mentally
I can tell you how much better I feel
and I feel like I'm thinking a lot
clearer now and I've set more of
intention like with my whole life career
relationships everything that like that
my goal simple little steps that you'll
be really surprised make the biggest
difference and probably the main
difference of all is just making sure
you've got a clean and tidy kitchen so
when you come down first thing in the
morning at 5:00 a.m. there's not mess
around like you don't know waste your
time at that hour in the morning tidying
up or anything so I make sure it's all
tidy and everything before a gross bed
like everything's washed up and then
I'll let I like I'll lay out my gym
clothes that's a good little hack and
just make sure that you are going to the
gym or exercising whatever your plan is
and then my biggest point is to make
sure you've got your plan for the next
day so I'll write that before I go to
bed this sounds like a lot very actually
isn't at all it's just little things
that make the big difference and I'll
just make sure I've written down in my
notes like the next row bed what I've
got to do for the next day I've been
liking going to the gym fasted in the
morning so I'll eat afterwards because
sometimes I kind of look dilly-dally and
if I start if I have a breakfast or go
to the gym and my coffee and up sat
there and I try to avoid staying off my
phone first thing just because I don't
know see your read something that just
gives me bad vibes in a morning and I
want to be as positive as I can since
I've since having a new routine as well
I haven't had that pressure or feeling
where you know you just have got a
constant to-do list so don't know if
that's just me but I just felt like
before when I was like my days just
stopped slide through my hands and I
just always have loads of stuff to do
that I could never get on top of my
stuff where is now I feel a lot clearer
in my head I thought I was always going
to be like that always have loads of
stuff to do so on a whole I just think
it's a really good routine and something
that everyone should try even went so
he's not going to do everyone really not
everyone wants to get up at 5 en and I
completely understand her like certain
people are not really morning people and
prefer to like stay out later at night
you know but yeah I really hope you
found this video useful of some sort and
I hope
give it a try getting at firing us I
promise you it really is life-changing
especially if you're someone who's
struggling with like organizing their
day and just feeling more productive so
yeah but let me know if you have any
other questions because I have so many
questions on this I hope I covered
everything or thereabout but yeah
don't forget to hit that like button
down below and subscribe and I'll see
you guys in the next video